{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Other details for the assignments:\
\
Wave and Light:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 PLEASE ANSWER ALL THE QUESTIONS ON THIS ASSESSMENT. SHOW WORK WHEN NECESSARY, AND WRITE OUT ALL YOUR ANSWERS.\'a0 PAY CLOSE ATTENTION TO #121, YOU HAVE TO DRAW/SKETCH A WAVE.\'a0 DO YOUR BEST.\
WHEN YOU HAVE COMPLETED ALL THE QUESTIONS PLEASE TAKE A PICTURE AND EMAIL THEM TO ME.\'a0 STAY SAFE\
\
MATH REVIEW: Units and Prefixes:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Click for Part 1 of Math Review\
\
Projectile Motion and Vectors:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 MAKE SURE THAT YOU LOOK AT "RESOLUTION OR FORCES(VECTORS)" AND "TWO DIMENSIONAL MOTION"\
PAGES 35-36 AND 42-46\
\
Force and Weight:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 READ FORCES, WEIGHT AND FRICTION\
\
Reference table:\
This is your NYS Physics Reference Table.\'a0 Please download and print out a copy for yourself.\'a0\'a0\
\
Circular Motion and Gravitation:\
Please read through Circular motion, Gravitation and Momentum/Impulse\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Electric Current Notes and Practice:\
Read P. 121-132.\'a0 Try the practice problems. STUDY.\'a0\
\
Intro to Waves:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Please read P. 148-154\
Take notes or highlight the new terms\
On a separate sheet of paper, complete problems#1-30.\'a0 Show all work and formulas where necessary.\'a0 When completed take a picture and email it to me with your name written clearly.\
\
Waves Phenom and Doppler:\
Read pages 156-161.\'a0 Take notes and be sure to highlight new terms and their connection to previous definitions and ideas.\
On a separate sheet of paper, please complete questions #48-71.\'a0 Show your work, write out your answers and use formulas where necessary.\
When you have completed the questions, please take a picture and send it to me via my school email address.\
THIS ASSIGNMENT IS DUE ON APRIL 28,2020!\
\
Light and Refraction:\
Please read P. 162-169\'a0 When you are finished, answer questions #72-87 on a separate sheet of paper.\'a0 Be sure to write out your answers, showing work where necessary. When completed, take a picture and send it to me via email.\
Please pay extra attention to the SAMPLE PROBLEM on P. 166, it combines all the formulas and ideas in this one practice problem.\
*Remember that all Light Waves travel at the Speed of Light found on the front of your Ref Table as letter "c"\
\
Duality and Models of the Atom:\
PLEASE READ P. 184-190.\'a0 WHEN COMPLETED, ON A SEPARATE SHEET OF PAPER ANSWER QUESTION #1-7, 9-12, 14.\
WRITE OUT YOUR ANSWERS AND SHOW WORK WHERE NECESSARY.\
*PAY ATTENTION TO EXAMPLE PROBLEM ON P.185.\
\
Nucleus Mass and Energy:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Please read P.192-194.\'a0 When completed answer questions #35 and 36 on a seperate sheet of paper.\'a0 Take a picture and email it to me when completed.\
\
The Standard Model of Matter:\
Read P. 195-197 and answer # 50, 53, 58}